Goal : 
----
Create an alarm clock. Use ONLY vanilla javascript, no libraries or frameworks allowed for Javascript (you can use any css framework like Bootstrap).

Features :
--------
Clock face : 
Clock showing the current time (seconds,mins,hrs should change as time changes)

Set Alarm :
Provide input boxes to set an alarm (hr,min,sec, am/pm)
Once the sets the time and click “Set Alarm” button, add that alarm to the alarms list below
When the alarm goes of just use JS alert function to alert in the browser

Alarms list :
Display a list of all the alarms set by user

Delete alarm :
For each alarm give a delete button to delete the alarm
When the user deletes an alarm make sure it “does not alerts the user”

Points on which the project will be judged :
------------------------------------------
1. All functionalities mentioned above
2. Github
3. Readme.md file
4. Hosted code on Github
5. Code
6. Comments
7. Structuring of code
8. Indentation
9. Variables and functions naming
10. Styling
11. Hosting
12. Design
13. Video (explanation about the project)
14. Creativity


PLANNING:
1. Navbar on the top having logo and 2 options on right side - DONE
    a. Toggle from dark mode to light mode and vice-versa.
    b. Setting option when clicked opens a sidebar.
        aa. Digital font switch
        bb. 12hours(am/pm) switch
        cc. Show Date switch
        dd. Night mode
        ee. Colors
            Any 5 colors : White, yellow, red, green, blue
        ff. Button OK (when clicked it closes the sidebar).

2. Main content area/ div 
    a. one div containing more features such as font increase, font decrease and switch to full screen.
    b. Below show time
    c. Day and Date
    d. Set Alarm button ( onclick  --> Model opens)
        aa. Heading: Edit Alarm
        bb. Hours dropdown and minutes dropdown
        cc. Sound ( default options ) followed by an option to upload sound file. and a check box for repeating the sound.
        dd. Title input
        ee. Footer: TEST button to test the sound selected.
                    CANCEL button to cancel what was selected.
                    START button to create an alarm at the selected time.
    e. once the start button is clicked in the above model:
        a div should contain the data of the alarm list created.
        When the alarm goes of just use JS alert function to alert in the browser
        Delete alarm feature which shouldn't have any alert.